

===== 1 - Read relevant JSON files

reading in pl.json
reading in id.json
reading in it.json
reading in mk.json
reading in 0.json
reading in fr.json
reading in es.json
reading in zh-Hant.json
reading in lb.json
reading in en.json
! unknown file README.md
reading in de.json
reading in ru.json
reading in sr.json
reading in pt.json
reading in vi.json
reading in fa.json
reading in tl.json
reading in uk.json
reading in zh-Hans.json
reading in ms.json

===== 2 - Check if 0.json and en.json have been read

ok

===== 3 - Check languages file contents (compare to en)

processing pl
processing id
processing it
processing mk
processing fr
processing es
processing zh-Hant
processing lb
processing de
processing ru
processing sr
processing pt
processing vi
processing fa
processing tl
processing uk
processing zh-Hans
processing ms

===== 4 - Check 0.json content

Ok, no missing language codes!
Ok, no unknown language codes!

===== 5.a - Outputs - main

writing to reports/pl.report.txt
writing to reports/id.report.txt
writing to reports/it.report.txt
writing to reports/mk.report.txt
writing to reports/fr.report.txt
writing to reports/es.report.txt
writing to reports/zh-Hant.report.txt
writing to reports/lb.report.txt
writing to reports/de.report.txt
writing to reports/ru.report.txt
writing to reports/sr.report.txt
writing to reports/pt.report.txt
writing to reports/vi.report.txt
writing to reports/fa.report.txt
writing to reports/tl.report.txt
writing to reports/uk.report.txt
writing to reports/zh-Hans.report.txt
writing to reports/ms.report.txt
writing to: reformatted/en.content
writing to: reformatted/pl.content
writing to: reformatted/id.content
writing to: reformatted/it.content
writing to: reformatted/mk.content
writing to: reformatted/fr.content
writing to: reformatted/es.content
writing to: reformatted/zh-Hant.content
writing to: reformatted/lb.content
writing to: reformatted/de.content
writing to: reformatted/ru.content
writing to: reformatted/sr.content
writing to: reformatted/pt.content
writing to: reformatted/vi.content
writing to: reformatted/fa.content
writing to: reformatted/tl.content
writing to: reformatted/uk.content
writing to: reformatted/zh-Hans.content
writing to: reformatted/ms.content

===== 5.b - Outputs - secondary

writing to: reformatted/en.json

===== 5 - Write to log and exit

writing to: reports/_int_checks_warn.log.txt
writing to: reports/_int_checks.log.txt
